The Queuing model
-----------------

Queuing model models a queuing system we encounter in lots of places, 
where you have clients arriving and waiting in a queue before being serviced
by a server. 

[a] QUEUE simulation object files
---------------------------------

1) Source.hh,cc

This object generates the queuing requests based on a distribution which
is given as input to the object. The most fequently encountered
distribution for the source is the poisson distribution

2) Queue.hh,cc

This object collects all the queuing requests from the source and sends
them to a server if a server is idle or enqueues them if all the servers
are busy.

3) Server.hh,cc

This object services the queueing requests based on a distribution for the
service time. The most frequently used distribution is the normal
distribution. After servicing the request it sends statistical information
to the StatCollector object. It also sends a message to the queue object
to inform that it's idle.

4) StatCollector.hh,cc

This object collects statistics from all the servers about their clients.

5) ParseInput.hh, cc
   
   This object reads the input configuration of the Queuing system.

[b] QUEUE configuration file (Queue.config)
----------------------------

The Queue configuration file (Queue.config) contains parameters for Queue
simulation in the following order

1) The source distribution for generating the queuing requests. For every
distribution the mean and the variance has to be given
2) The number of requests to be generated
3) The number of servers, their distribution, mean and variance.
   Here suppose you have specified 10 servers and you want the
   distribution to be different for each of the servers you can specify
   it. For example, you  have 10 servers following could be the server
   distributions 
      
   1..3 normal 20 5 (means servers 1 to 3 have the same distribution)
   4, 5, 10 normal 30 5 (server 4, 6 and 8 have the same distribution)	
   6..9 normal 40 5   

4) The number of LPs.

A sample configuration is shown below (next 5 lines).

  poisson 15 5  
  100000
  9 
  1..9 normal 150 15
  4

[c] Other files
---------------

main.cc   - the QUEUE main file
procgroup - file which MPI needs to determine the number of processors to
            use in the simulation.



